plof 2004 Honda Civic has over a qu
million kilometers on it but only one
big problem it just won't die he'd love
an excuse to upgrade it he could get
modern amenities like a backup cam or
Android auto but how do you justify
replacing a car that still runs like the
day it rolled off the lot I can't
Windows still clear heat still hot even
the fuel economy is nearly identical to
the current model which is 20 years
newer what can he do how about jumping
onto a trend that's been picking up
steam and giving his older vehicle a
little Tech makeover by the time we're
done pl's going to have some big quality
of life improvements and you guys are
going to have some great hey hey I'm
filming
here and you guys are going to have some
great ideas for adding features to your
aging daily driver or for that matter
taking back Fe features that
manufacturers like GM have been cutting
out of their vehicles oh and you're also
going to have this message from our
sponsor rocket money it's easy to lose
track of all your paid subscriptions but
rocket money makes it easy to identify
and cancel your subscriptions so you can
save money check them out at the link
below first things first we've got to
get this Old Stock receiver out of here
we're going to want to disconnect the
battery then we picked up some
inexpensive trim removal tools and these
should help ensure that we don't cause
any damage to the console beyond what
the previous owner
did now every car is a little different
but for this one we've got to remove all
this trim to get at a couple of hidden
screws underneath by the way you can
check out the new nocta edition of the
LTD screwdriver at LTD store.com all of
this has got to come off AC controls
stereo and the little compartment here
plus all of the panel trim around the
outside but what is wrong with your
current head unit I mean you place
compact discs yeah you know I mean aside
from the fact that I got to use it FM
transmitter play songs off my phone the
clock doesn't work doesn't keep time
properly I'm throwing Google Maps on my
phone in the cup holder let me put it
this way I live in Siri it takes 30
seconds to break into this car and it's
still
here to solve all of that or at least
the not living and Sir parts of it plof
went with this Sony xav
ax6000 most importantly it fits in the
car but other than that it's got
physical buttons easy Universal backup
cam hookup Android auto of course but
most importantly this is one of the more
premium ones with Wi-Fi so he doesn't
need to plug his phone in every time he
jumps in the car and if someone else
wants to connect it's got a USBC Port as
well you just run out of here to
somewhere now there are a ton of other
options out there like this Boss Audio
be 920 wcpa that have similar features
and for the most part good reviews but
given that plof was willing to offer up
his Chariot as a test bed for all this I
agreed we should kit him out with
something nice and then Sony was a bro
and sent it over for us anyway so thanks
guys um there were also just a few
concerning comments on the boss unit so
take all of that for what it is
warranties do exist but this isn't
really the kind of project that you want
to do twice if you can avoid it after
ripping everything out we attach our new
unit to the stereo mount by screwing it
in then put on a new Double D fascia
cover grab a compatible wiring harness
and solder everything together while
checking your wiring diagram once you're
done plug it in and do a test run big
moment
guys here we go pluged in get to this in
a moment yep she's in okay
hey there we go 6 hey xav
ax6000
pairing okay allow access to contacts
yeah cuz I'm going to use this for like
phone calls everything to continue
select Android auto on your CR start
Android auto here we go cool dude this
is awesome I know look Google Maps works
like right away I don't have to put my
phone down here
anymore freaking a man like how does
everyone not just do this I mean this
particular unit a little on the price
your side but like here check this out
guys there's still more stuff for us to
do where that AV cable I had before I go
oh you're sitting on it perfect check
this out it's surprisingly simple
compared to the last time I looked into
head units anyway we just got the
harness okay and then you just what
there's basically everything and then
there's audio and look at that simple
composite video in for your camera if
you can't connect through Bluetooth or
whatever even it's it's still got that
USBC uh Port back here somewhere
freaking he yeah it's not you know we'll
have to Route it somewhere if I want to
actually use it whatever put it through
the glove box put it down here yeah who
cares yeah
yeah oh man what an upgrade great yeah
it works great okay you got to play
music hold on what do you look at look
at this guy using his phone like a oh
yeah W I can actually just use my phone
what are you even doing bud crazy I'm
not used to it anymore see sptify uh
okay
fine that probably has DSP stuff in
Alex the fact that this plays over
Bluetooth at all is a W for us okay
quick turn that off before we get
dmca oh man you could have Phantom
Imaging who you can probably do uh like
out of phase in the rear get some stereo
her like surround sound this guy with
the level
UPS he has a touchcreen
now Flawless freaking Victory hardware
buttons there's your volume right there
huge point for me I do not want to rely
strictly on touchscreen like the backup
Cam and the dash cam are going to be
great but this alone is like totally
worth it honestly I want to do this in
my Odyssey now yeah that's the one thing
about that van that I'm just like oh
this sucks like I have one of those Dash
mounted things for my phone and I hate
it suck I hate them cuz they look bad
and it's annoying and you got to use
your phone battery put phone up there
and better chance of getting a ticket
too around here anyway they see you like
touching something up there whereas you
touch your dash whatever that's allowed
because that's in my car sure do a
little bit of an EQ on the rears from
200 HZ to about 7,000
and then you can get like much better
spatial stuff this is so far beyond what
our goals for this project were but sure
heck yeah I mean maybe we do another
video when we swap the speakers hey what
other
video we only really asked for two
things out of our backup camera
Universal compatibility so that it would
work with our Universal head unit and a
decent camera at a reasonable price okay
that's three things but the Kenwood
cosos 230 does all of them once again
there are a lot of other options out
there oh yeah more expensive less
expensive including a bunch of allin1
solutions that come with their own
little monitor that you attach to your
dash or your review mirror and I mean
man if you want to gamble a little like
yeah what do you pay for something with
a decent amount of reviews on Amazon
like 60 bucks maybe $80 this Pixelman
unit okay 4.4 Stars over 600 reviews but
then we started reading the one star
comments and decided to stick with the
car audio brands that we know and trust
um I guess we'll need the extension to
get this installed yeah the pretty funny
thing is all the pictures on here are
black and white but then it's got some
disclaimers that are like don't camera
allows full color images but carton
image shown as black and white you know
what's hilarious is it's a color package
is it the there's blue yeah what what
why would they why didn't they just
print the whole thing in black and white
at this point okay there's a couple
factors this is only two color printing
whereas full color printing would have
been a lot more okay I get it I get it I
get it let's look they put the money
into the product okay I guess we'll find
out if I wanted the lowest possible
maintenance right under there right
under there yeah I think that's pretty
typical that's also a really easy spot
to punch through as well I guess we need
a hole then yeah well we have a
drill you love punching holes through
things I don't I don't mind
it I don't mind it before anyone
complains you can't find out anything
about people from their license plates
we're not going to bother blurring it in
this video it's a lot of work yeah I
don't really give some places it matters
here it doesn't really yeah where does
it matter uh there's places where by
license plate there's like public
Registries and you can just like look up
stuff about people or something yeah
that's not a thing here so it's fine
y hey easy look at that chipped like a
tiny bit there but I don't care about
that that's fine okay there's my finger
that's fine
whatever we might have to go one step
larger oh
yeah oh that's definitely a big enough
hole now yeah that's good oh yeah okay
nice nice all right now we just have to
you know run it all the way to the front
and hide it under some carpets get into
car stuff yeah we're good to go I mean
they're just rolling computers at this
point after punching that hole we're
going to feed our wires through and then
attach it to the extension make sure
when you run the cable you leave some
slack for opening and closing the trunk
depending on how it's mounted we've zip
tied it to these rails and then ran it
through the back seats along the sides
and out to the center console take the
video cable and go up through the back
to the head unit and then for power
we're just soldering it onto our 12volt
accessory since I don't need a cigarette
lighter with more time you could
definitely do a bit of a cleaner job but
after throwing some Gaff tape over it
I'm honestly pretty happy with how it
turned
out we have
camera it does still appear to be upside
down okay rear cam is there like
settings for rear cam I don't see any
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
rear camera view normal hold on hold on
hold on flip boom got him we will have
to do no such thing wait what it still
looks flipped oh it wait Did you flip it
already Justin no I did not okay it
might be flipped instead of oh well hold
on hold on
maybe okay well what I don't know it's
fine we'll flip it physically we'll flip
it physically it's okay yeah I think
it's flipping it the horizontal way now
things are about to get really
interesting we really liked vo's
offerings in our dash cam review video a
little while back and like Sony they
were down to send plof their new 4k a229
Pro an all-in-one model with front
interior and rear monitoring that would
have been great for a car a little newer
than this one but unfortunately it's not
compatible with our receiver that we
needed to add add Android auto to this
car so why am I still holding it because
it's got what is arguably the best
sensor on the market the Sony starvis
IMX 678 guys I'm talking HDR better low
light image quality with lower noise 4K
capture I mean at that point who cares
if we can't monitor the feed from the
head unit he's only going to need this
thing in the event of an accident anyway
so we're just going to put the 1440p
rear camera aside and if you guys are
looking for something similar the a229
pro is available in a single Channel
configuration as well and if our test
footage is anything to go by it looks
great to power the dash cam we grabbed
an Addis circuit fuse tap and tapped
into my non-existent heated seats in the
cabin fuse box then ran our wire up
through the center console out the glove
box and along the sides of the
windshield to the camera I was offsite
shooting something else for a little bit
they got the dash cam installed very
elegant wiring guys I love it what did
this used to be it was just a blank Port
oh okay yeah how convenient and a wow
that is a that is a nice long USBC cable
get all the way to the back seat with
that boy I guess I assume the intention
in the longer term would be to have kind
of a little grommet here or like a
little plate or something like that you
got a female USBC freaking love this All
That Remains now is to get this dash cam
mounted get the micro SD in there
supports up to 512 gigs I can't get this
VHB backing off it no no it's got this
it's got this yeah yeah oh there we go
okay okay now there's a minor thing and
we FP flip well no no no no no Flip Flip
the cable flip the cable cuz we're going
to go up here yeah yeah yeah and then
hide it up there later later later can I
just shout out USBC oh it's great you
know oh yeah reversible my problems
great just can't can't talk enough about
how much I love USBC okay uh oh uh how
do that feel we feeling that sure oh
yeah oh yeah there we go okay turn the
it's as straight as your Trio bar code
was wow thanks nice do we get to try it
now yeah yeah yeah you get to drive it
turn it on everything should work look I
routed the well we should probably close
the yeah that's a great
idea what the hell don't do don't worry
about it I think I got it
reversed nope God up just leave it red
light there we got power hey Dash Cam's
alive oh it would have been kind of nice
to be able to see that screen at all uh
it's okay I really don't need it I only
ever need it when I'm getting footage
from it hey look at that you know what's
funny is this is more usable than the
backup cam on my stupid TI can it's
pretty good right have you seen the
backup cam on is it really bad it's
terrible it's terrible it's like
unusable you know what that's not that
much work no hey look at that look at
that we're at the office I know I used
it to drive home last night let's use a
L Media Group yeah okay we're let's go
to work boys where's volume control so
kind of that's for music the only thing
with Android auto and Google is you've
got to go in and go play test sound
adjust
volume volum oh there go already
better easy as that yeah yeah we're on I
already changed like wallpapers and
stuff I've got the USB and the HDMI
coming out of like right here what's
HDMI for whatever I want play crab
Rave that worked really well actually
cuz right now we should just have the
microphone kind of way down here we're
going to plug it's plugged in but we've
got to uh yeah feed it up to over here
or something like that is where Alex
recommended it like up above the rear
view hey there we go nice the system
works it's not just GM taking Android
auto away some car companies don't have
it at all at all yeah which is
horrible that's actually one of the big
reasons that I wasn't even considering a
Tesla when I got my car right you can't
tell me that I'm going to have to rely
on you for software updates I don't care
if you're a new kind of automaker I
don't trust automakers who what am I
doing what am I doing oh yeah it's
actually really good quality yeah oh
yeah oh yeah okay let's not hit this
pole let see you can keep
going
that's probably about it yeah pretty hey
hey hey not bad right you should see my
piece of one here come check this out
seriously Porsche fix this well how am I
supposed to use this what is this that's
tight yeah look out the back of there
that's not tight no that's yeah that
looks like I'm going to freaking hit it
it does you're actually quite far away
from it I I can't use this that's way
further than I thought they have another
view that's it's kind of better but I
have to press that every time and
there's no guidelines anymore on you
take the fisheye away oh my God what the
Porsche the one on my Odyssey is better
the one on my the one on the vault is
perfect go buy a Chevy Volt okay and fix
your that was terrifying yeah looking at
that like that I know right if you guys
are interested in anything that we used
or mention today as always we're going
to have all of it linked down below but
I got to say bottom line wasn't that bad
no I mean sure some of the folks here
are more experienced but these were very
simple upgrades that result in a major
major difference in quality of life for
an older vehicle and if you think you're
going to be driving it for another 5 or
10 years which like probably probably
realistically
like I got to say it's looking pretty
worth it and if the current car software
landscape keeps changing over the next 5
or 10 years and we see more folks like
GM a abandoned support for Android auto
and carplay and we might even see this
become a viable alternative to keeping
your up today stuff you might be
downgrading he you know who knows maybe
if this video does really well we'll do
some other stuff too power locks power
windows cuz I've got the very base
model remote start we need a sponsor
though yeah someone like rocket money we
both know you're not using every
streaming service you're subscribed to
meaning you're paying 10 bucks a month
on the off chance that you suddenly
become interested in season 4 of Love on
the beach drama in Paradise rocket money
can help you by making it simple to
cancel unwanted subscriptions there's no
need to decipher payments in your bank
statement to uncover where your money is
going with one click you can cancel all
those Services weighing down your wallet
on top of that rocket money can also
negotiate prices for things like
internet and cell phone bills on your
behalf so you don't have to spend spend
hours on hold listening to sounds that
vaguely resemble music and if you're
trying to put some money away rocket
money can help with that by setting you
up with a smart savings system they'll
move money into your savings at a
frequency and amount of your choice and
can even analyze your accounts to
suggest the best time of month for you
to transfer funds into your rainy day
fund SLG graphics card budget to start
saving download the app for free at
rocket.com or click our link below if
you guys enjoyed this video make sure to
check out the dash cam Roundup that we
did a while back uh you might want to
consider something with the new starvis
2 sensor though if you have the budget
for it but there's some really great
options in there